TA6 -11:00
USE OF LITERAL INFORMAlION IN MJULTI-TARGET DATA ASSOCIATION
I.R. Goodman
Comuand & Control Department
Code 421
Naval Ocean Systems Center
San Diego, California 92152
Abstract
It has been shown that literal information can
enhance geolocation information in the multi-target
tracking and data association problem. Thi's paper
continues previous efforts in establishing a sys-
tematic approach to the combination of both types
of information using membership functions based
upon multiple-valued logic. Filters are established
for literal and non-numerical attributes, somewhat
analogous to the well-known Kalman filter. The
major result, however, is an improvement and clari-
fication of a previous theorem establishimg asymp-
totic forms for the posterior possibility distribu-
tion of the unknown data association parameter as
information granularity decreases and as inference
rule structures become more definitive.
1. Introduction
The multi-target tracking and data association
(or as comnnly called, "correlation") problem
still remains the center of much activity and
interest. In the past, emphasis was placed upon
the use of only geolocation data-i.e., information
containing reports on (usually) two- or three-
dimensional target positions, together with possi-
ble velocities, accelerations and related equations
of motion parameters [1-31. More recently, an ef-
fort has been carried out in utilizing in a more
rigorous or systematic manner other types of infom
ation , including various sorts of sensor systen
parameters that could also be formally treated
in terms of equations of motion. In addition, use
of attribute information of radically different
natures is also sought. This includes visual sight-
ings, classifications, and other,often non-numerical
and linguistic-based (or narrative),information
which cannot be treated from traditional statistical
analysis. This work is presented in [4-6], based
upon, and related to,in general, previous and on-
going researc?i in possibility and fuzzy set theory
and its realtionships to classical probability
theory and multi-valued logic and set theory [7-9).
In this paper we continue to attempt to estab-
lish a unified approach to the integration of both
types of Information for the multi-target tracking
and data association problem. However, since the
results are carried out on a general level, with
suitable modifications, applications to medical
diagnosis, fault determination, and other problems
involving non-sequential knowledge-based systems
can be established [9].
